# Archdragon Peak

Enemies along this route are a good source of Large Titanite Shards, Titanite
Chunks, and Lightning Gems. For this route, I recommend you use a weapon with
lightning damage such as a Lothric Knight Greatsword+9 because all serpentine
creatures in Archdragon Peak are weak against lightning. In NG+0 and before you
reach the Ringed City, Archdragon Peak is one of the best areas for farming
Titanite Chunks. The enemies in this area are strong, especially the Giant Man
Serpents who wield a greataxe. If you want to farm souls in this area, ensure
you have a +9 weapon and an armour set having decent absorption. While 2-handing
a Raw infused Cathedral Knight Greatsword+9 or a Lothric Knight Greatsword+9, a
fully charged R2 can one-shot a regular Man Serpent. A Giant Man Serpent is more
difficult due to its damage absorption, damage output, and speed. It can be
staggered with 2 hits via R1. Play it safe by getting in one R1 and then move or
roll away, only doing 2 hits whenever a safe opportunity arises.

Starting from the Archdragon Peak bonfire, kill the 4 nearby Man Serpents. Head
up the staircase and kill a Man Serpent and a Giant Man Serpent, then eliminate
the Man Serpent near the location where you would find the Lightning Clutch
Ring. Run to the location where the Ancient Wyvern spawned and kill the 4 nearby
Man Serpents. Run up the staircase to kill 2 Man Serpents who try to ambush you
and proceed up another staircase to kill another 2 Man Serpents. Go up another
level and kill 2 more Man Serpents. Finish the round by killing the nearby Giant
Man Serpent. While equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+0, Shield of Want, and
Symbol of Avarice, each round yields approximately 61,776 souls.

{% youtube id="aB6_v3VG_Ak", title="Farming souls: Archdragon Peak, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. The data were
gathered while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and
Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 76,547
