# Catacombs of Carthus

After defeating the Abyss Watchers in NG+0, consider using the skeletons in the
Catacombs of Carthus to farm Titanite Shards in order to upgrade any weapon to
+3. Equip the Silver Serpent Ring+0 and the Blessed Red and White Shield+1.
After you have farmed enough Titanite Shards, consider upgrading this shield to
+3 as well. The Symbol of Avarice is not necessary here because the route is
rather long and many of the skeletons are very dangerous. Some skeletons also
drop Embers. Starting from the Abyss Watchers bonfire, kill all skeletons in the
general area and make your way to the Catacombs of Carthus bonfire. The very
first skeleton you encounter along this route has white eyes, meaning that
unless you have a Blessed weapon you must kill it twice for it to be dead. Using
only the Silver Serpent Ring+0, each round earns you approximately 6,303 souls.

{% youtube id="yJlzf7E2u8k", title="Farming souls: Catacombs of Carthus part 1, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

In NG+0, use the large skeletons from the Catacombs of Carthus bonfire onward to
farm souls, Large Titanite Shards, Sharp Gems, Vertebra Shackles, as well as
Embers. Sharp Gems, Embers, and Vertebra Shackles are rare drops even when you
have 14 Luck and the Symbol of Avarice, but Embers drop more often than Vertebra
Shackles. This route is dangerous because the large skeletons are strong and can
trigger bleed. Only use this route if you want to farm Large Titanite Shards.
The large skeletons are easily staggered by an R1 when you 2-hand a Raw infused
Claymore+3. A Claymore is much heavier than a straightsword, so you must strike
a balance between damage output and damage absorption. While equipping a
Claymore, Silver Serpent Ring+0, Symbol of Avarice, an armour chest piece,
gauntlets, and leggings you might find that further equipping the Blessed Red
and White Shield+1 would put your weight ratio over 70%. Don't equip this shield
unless you can get an armour set having decent damage absorption while
maintaining a weight ratio below 70%.

Starting from the Catacombs of Carthus bonfire, keep right and kill the 2
greatsword-wielding skeletons patrolling near the gigantic skeleton ball.
Another greatsword-wielding, white-eyed skeleton can be found nearby; unless you
have a Blessed weapon you must kill it twice for it to be dead. Now follow the
path of the skeleton ball down the stairs and kill all nearby rats. Head to the
end of the hallway and kill the shotel-wielding skeleton. Proceed on to the path
where you would find a Crystal Lizard and kill the greatsword-wielding skeleton
standing near a cliff. By now you would be low on Estus and/or HP so consider
ending your round here. Using the Silver Serpent Ring+0 and the Symbol of
Avarice, each round earns you approximately 4,139 souls, which is worse than the
soul farming routes for Crucifixion Woods and Farron Keep.

{% youtube id="1LgLBThkjDE", title="Farming souls: Catacombs of Carthus part 2, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. Note that the route
starts from the Catacomb of Carthus bonfire. The data were gathered while
equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 6,094
