# Consumed King's Garden

By this point in NG+0, you should have upgraded your main weapon to +9. Only
farm enemies in this area if you want Titanite Chunks. The Cathedral Knights and
Pus of Men drop Large Titanite Shards and Titanite Chunks. The clerics drop
Blessed Gems. Titanite Chunks and Blessed Gems are rare drops even if you equip
the Gold Serpent Ring+3 and the Symbol of Avarice. If you want to farm souls in
the Consumed King's Garden, I recommend you to use an ultra greatsword such as
the Cathedral Knight Greatsword or the Lothric Knight Greatsword.

While 2-handing a Raw infused Cathedral Knight Greatsword+9, each Cathedral
Knight has a lot of absorption, cannot be easily staggered, and cannot be stun
locked with a fully charged R2. The ground level of the garden is patrolled by 3
Pus of Men, each of whom is dangerous by itself and the difficulty is compounded
by the toxic swamp in this area. A Pus of Man is vulnerable to fire. Unless you
have a fire weapon that has a lot of damage output, I would recommend you to
avoid the ground level of the garden, especially the Pus of Men. Most enemies in
the Consumed King's Garden drop Titanite Chunks, making the garden an attractive
place for farming Titanite Chunks even before you reach Archdragon Peak. If you
have not reached Archdragon Peak, I would recommend you to farm Titanite Chunks
in the garden. For souls, avoid the garden and try another area such as
Irithyll. A Silver Knight is easier to fight with a melee weapon than a Pus of
Man or a Cathedral Knight.

Starting from the Dancer of the Boreal Valley bonfire, climb the ladder, turn
left, head down the staircase, and kill the lone Cathedral Knight standing near
an elevator. Go up the staircase and through the shortcut door and kill all
enemies in the area: 2 clerics and 3 Thralls. Ensure you dispatch of the clerics
first as quickly as possible, otherwise they would buff the Thralls. Then
proceed to the elevator shortcut to Oceiros' boss room, take the elevator down,
and jump on a ledge where you would find the Dragonscale Ring. Kill the nearby
cleric as quickly as possible. Finally, eliminate the 2 Cathedral Knights one at
a time. In NG+0, equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+0, Shield of Want, and Symbol
of Avarice, each round yields approximately 22,812 souls.

{% youtube id="M5zNIZjMCRk", title="Farming souls: Consumed King's Garden, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. The data were
gathered while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and
Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 27,999
