# Crucifixion Woods

In NG+0, farm some souls to level up and/or restock on items before you fight
Crystal Sage. The general area around the Crucifixion Woods bonfire is an
invasion hot spot. If you don't want to be invaded while farming souls, consider
playing offline while you're in the area. Equip the Symbol of Avarice, Silver
Serpent Ring+0, and the Blessed Red and White Shield+1 to slightly offset the HP
draining of the mimic head. Enemies along this route drop Titanite Shards,
allowing you to upgrade your weapon to at most +3. The most annoying enemies in
this route are the dogs. An effective way to deal with dogs is to lure one out
away from a cluster of enemies, block with a shield, wait for the dog to attack
and bounce off your shield, and hit the dog.

From the Halfway Fortress bonfire, make your way down the slopes and kill the 2
enemies who wield pikes and a further 4 pike-wielding enemies. Kill the dog and
the nearby sitting enemy; this is near the corpse with a shiny. Proceed to kill
the enemy who is standing with his face in his palm and the 3 pike-wielding
enemies who are patrolling the shore of the swamp. Dispatch all nearby
pike-wielding enemies, the Poisonhorn Bugs, and another dog. By now you would be
low on Estus and HP so rest at the Crucifixion Woods bonfire. Continue by
killing the 2 pike-wielding enemies who are patrolling, walking away from the
bonfire in the general direction of where you would find Hodrick's purple summon
sign. Further on near an edge are 2 pike-wielding enemies; kill them, but leave
the 2 Lycanthropes alone. Now make your way through the hole in a wall. Kill the
enemy who is leaning against a wall. Wait for the lamp-bearing enemy to look
away from you and kill him. Proceed to dispatch of the mage and all nearby
enemies. Press on your way to the Crystal Sage boss arena, killing all enemies
along the way. Be sure to dispatch of the 2 mages as quickly as possible. Each
round should yield approximately 8,328 souls.

{% youtube id="3fEm0MZmvfQ", title="Farming souls: Crucifixion Woods, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

After you have defeated Crystal Sage, you can reverse the above route by
starting from the Crystal Sage bonfire. In one sense this is easier because you
can immediately kill the 2 nearby mages. When you get to the room with the 3rd
mage, eliminate him as quickly as possible. But this is where you would easily
die because the lamp-bearing enemy would screech to attract the attention of
other nearby enemies to gank you.

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. Note that the route
starts from the Halfway Fortress bonfire. The data were gathered while equipping
the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 14,405
