# Farron Keep

Avoid the swamp portion of this area and stick to the area near the Farron Keep
Perimeter bonfire and the area before the Abyss Watchers' boss arena. Ensure you
have opened the shortcut connecting Crucifixion Woods and Farron Keep and
eliminate the Ravenous Crystal Lizard. If you want, first obtain 2 Large
Titanite Shards from the 2 Giants near the Cleansing Chapel bonfire or from the
2 Crystal Lizards in the area near the Stray Demon. Two Large Titanite Shards
are enough to upgrade a weapon to +4.

Enemies in Farron Keep drop Titanite Shards, Poison Gems, and covenant items.
The Ghru mages in front of the Abyss Watchers' arena drop Heavy Gems. The Ghrus
drop Swordgrasses and the Dark Wraiths drop Pale Tongues. Each Ghru can be dealt
with by using a Raw infused Broadsword+3. However, you might find it more
effective to use a Raw infused Claymore+4 to fight each Ghru and each Dark
Wraith. The most dangerous enemies in this route are the Lycanthropes, the Black
Knight, and the Dark Wraiths.

Starting from the Halfway Fortress bonfire, jump down 2 cliffs and kill 3
Poisonhorn Bugs. Kill the Lycanthrope who is sitting, all nearby Poisonhorn
Bugs, and another Lycanthrope. Next, fight the Black Knight, getting in one hit
and then move or roll away. Proceed through the shortcut and kill all 3 nearby
Ghrus. Run to the Abyss Watchers' boss arena, keeping to the right. When you see
a Ghru mage sitting, kill it and stand near its location. Wait for the Dark
Wraiths to kill all Ghrus on their way to the boss arena. The Dark Wraiths farm
souls for you. Keep to the right path and proceed to the boss arena, killing the
2 Ghrus on your way. Finally, eliminate all enemies in front of the boss arena.
The Dark Wraiths cannot enter the boss arena of the Abyss Watchers, making it
easy to cheese the Dark Wraiths by luring them to the entrance of the boss room.
In NG+0, while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+0 and the Symbol of Avarice,
each round earns you approximately 8,767 souls.

{% youtube id="s-FGBAGwTaQ", title="Farming souls: Farron Keep, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. The data were
gathered while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and
Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 13,404
