# Irithyll of the Boreal Valley: pre-Pontiff

By now in NG+0, you should have picked up the Shield of Want found in
Smouldering Lake. Irithyll is either easy or difficult depending on which weapon
you use. After you have explored Smouldering Lake, you should have enough Large
Titanite Shards to upgrade your main weapon to +6. I recommend you to farm Large
Titanite Shards in Smouldering Lake to upgrade your offhand weapon to +6 as
well. You might find that it's difficult to use a straightsword to fight the
Pontiff Knights. These knights are strong and fast. Your best option is to
stagger them with a greatsword. While 2-handing a Raw infused Claymore+6, you
require 3 hits with R1 to kill a Pontiff Knight who doesn't use a shield. The
Pontiff Knight who wields a shield requires at most 4 hits with R1, the Pontiff
Knight wielding a great scythe requires 4 hits with R1, and the Fire Witch
requires 5 hits with R1 to be killed. If possible, level up your Endurance to
enable you to perform at least 3 consecutive R1 while 2-handing a Claymore. The
Pontiff Knights drop Large Titanite Shards and farming them is less dangerous
than farming the large skeletons in the Catacombs of Carthus.

Starting from the Church of Yorshka bonfire, head to the area in front of
Pontiff Sulyvahn's fog wall. On your way, kill the Fire Witch, 2 Irithyllian
Slaves, and 2 Pontiff Knights. Now head down the staircase to the room full of
Irithyllian Slaves; dispatch of all enemies in the room. Go up the staircase to
the area in front of the fog wall, jump down to the corpse having the Ring of
the Sun's First Born, and kill the lone Pontiff Knight. Equipping only the
Silver Serpent Ring+0 and the Shield of Want, each round yields approximately
9,636 souls. If you also equip the Symbol of Avarice, this route would yield
approximately 14,454 souls.

{% youtube id="uNnp2wnwpvc", title="Farming souls: Irithyll of the Boreal Valley before Pontiff part 1, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

A longer, but more dangerous, route is to start from the Central Irithyll
bonfire and kill all enemies on your way to the Church of Yorshka bonfire. On
your way, you will first meet a group of 3 Pontiff Knights who will gank you to
death if you don't pull one at a time. Then you will meet 2 Irithyllian Slaves
who are easy to kill. Further on is a Fire Witch escorted by a group of
Irithyllian Slaves, another nearby Fire Witch, and behind them is another group
of Irithyllian Slaves. Once you have dispatched of all these enemies, you will
meet a duo of Pontiff Knights. There is another Pontiff Knight at the foot of a
hidden staircase and a Cathedral Evangelist. Each of these enemies is easy by
themselves, but they are dangerous in groups. If you want to use this route for
farming souls, lure one enemy at a time away from its group and eliminate one
enemy at a time. This route is very long so it's not a good idea to equip the
Symbol of Avarice. Using only the Silver Serpent Ring+0 and the Shield of Want,
each round yields approximately 15,576 souls.

{% youtube id="mUiRQx3a3Dk", title="Farming souls: Irithyll of the Boreal Valley before Pontiff part 2, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. Note that the route
starts from the Church of Yorshka bonfire. The data were gathered while
equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 17,734
