# Lothric Castle

The 3 Lothric Knights near the Lothric Castle bonfire are a good source of Large
Titanite Shards, Titanite Chunks, Embers, and Refined Gems. They also drop
Sunlight Medals, but the drop is rare even if you equip the Symbol of Avarice
and Gold Serpent Ring+3. Clerics drop Blessed Gems, the drop rate being rare. In
NG+0, by the time you reach this bonfire you should have a +9 weapon. Each
Lothric Knight can easily be stun locked by a fully charged R2 of an ultra
greatsword having a thrust R2. While 2-handing a Raw infused Cathedral Knight
Greatsword+9, 2 hits with a fully charged R2 and an R1 are enough to kill 2 of
the regular Lothric Knights. If you're using a straight sword, 2-hand your
weapon and hit with R1 because Lothric Knights tend to turtle behind their
shields. While 2-handing a Raw infused Broadsword+9, as long as a Lothric Knight
is blocking with his shield, 3 hits with R1 are sufficient to break his guard.

I recommend you start from the Lothric Castle bonfire and make your way to the
Dancer of the Boreal Valley bonfire. First, lure the nearest Lothric Knight to
the bonfire and kill him as quickly as possible before the nearest cleric buffs
and/or heal him. Then quickly dispatch of the 2 nearest clerics. Lure the
spear-wielding Lothric Knight away from the third cleric so the cleric won't be
able to buff and/or heal the knight. If you want, use 3 or 4 Throwing Knives
against this Lothric Knight to trigger him to run towards you. Kill the knight
as quickly as possible before the cleric has a chance to approach you. Now
approach the third, red-eyed Lothric Knight slowly to trigger him to walk away
from the remaining cleric. When the knight is a safe distance away from the
cleric, run to the cleric and eliminate him as quickly as possible. Finally,
kill the remaining Lothric Knight. For this route in NG+0, equipping the Silver
Serpent Ring+0, Shield of Want, and Symbol of Avarice would earn you
approximately 22,572 souls.

{% youtube id="-D-bvAthUJ0", title="Farming souls: Lothric Castle, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. The data were
gathered while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and
Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 27,702
