# Painted World of Ariandel

Don't farm souls in this area. The wolves jump a lot, are difficult to separate
out one at a time, and the pack tends to gank you. An effective way to fight a
pack of wolves is to wield a weapon having a horizontal swing, possibly buffed
with Charcoal Pine Resin/Bundle. The Birch Women, i.e. screeching trees, are
slow but their fireballs and ice can kill you while you're dealing with a pack
of wolves. Before you take on any Birch Woman, ensure you first eliminate other
nearby enemies. Then use a fire weapon to easily kill her. The Farron Followers
are like an upgraded version of the hollows outside of the Twin Princes boss
arena. The Giant Flies are easy to deal with if you have a fire weapon. Equip
the Gauntlets of Thorns and when a Giant Fly is about to pounce at you, or is
hovering or flying in the air, roll into the creature to knock it into a
critical state, at which point you would get bonus damage if you do an R1. The
most dangerous enemies in the area are the Corvian Knights and the Millwood
Knights. Each Corvian Knight is strong, quick, agile, and can easily bleed you
to death. Lure each Corvian Knight away from other enemies, equip an ultra
greatsword having a thrust R2 (e.g. a Lothric Knight Greatsword+9), buff the
weapon with Gold Pine Resin/Bundle, and stun lock the knight with a fully
charged R2. The Millwood Knights have a lot of damage absorption and can't be
easily stun locked even with an ultra greatsword. However, each Millwood Knight
can be staggered with an ultra greatsword. If you want, cheese those knights by
casting Rapport.

If you still want to farm souls in the area, consider eliminating all Farron
Followers near the Snowy Mountain Pass bonfire and on your way to the wolf pack
near 3 Millwood Knights. Ignore the wolves and the Millwood Knights.

Below are some data on the approximate amount of souls per round. I equipped
only the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 56,133
