# Profaned Capital

By the time you reach this area in NG+0, you should have a +6 weapon. If you
want, obtain 2 Titanite Chunks in Irithyll Dungeon. You get 1 chunk after
killing the sleeping Giant and another chunk from the Crystal Lizard near his
arms when he is resting. Two chunks are required to upgrade a Claymore to +7.

The most dangerous enemies in the Profaned Capital are the Gargoyles. The
Gargoyle patrolling the bridge to Yhorm's boss arena can easily be cheesed. Lure
it to the narrow entrance at the end of the bridge. While you are inside the
entrance, the Gargoyle won't be able to enter. The second Gargoyle is near the
first group of 4 Jailer Handmaids. Before you fight this Gargoyle, run to the
group of 4 Jailer Handmaids who circle a giant stone vessel of flame and kill
those handmaids. Then lure the second Gargoyle to the narrow entrance near the
stone vessel. While you are near the stone vessel, the Gargoyle wouldn't be able
to go through the narrow entrance, giving you a way to cheese it. The third
Gargoyle is found near the large group of Jailer Handmaids who stand in front of
2 mimic chests. Cheese this Gargoyle by using the same tactic. Run to the
nearest Jailer Handmaid to trigger the third Gargoyle and lure it to the same
stone vessel. Each Jailer Handmaid is relatively easy by herself, but a group of
Jailer Handmaids can stab and burn you to death. Whenever possible, fight only 1
or 2 Jailer Handmaids at a time.

Starting from the Profaned Capital bonfire, climb down the very long ladder, run
along the bridge and kill the first Gargoyle. Run as fast as you can to the 4
Jailer Handmaids around the stone vessel and kill them. Then kill the second
Gargoyle, followed by the group of 4 Jailer Handmaids near where the second
Gargoyle was perching. Next, kill the third Gargoyle and finally the large group
of Jailer Handmaids standing in front of 2 mimic chests. In NG+0, while
equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+0, Shield of Want, and Symbol of Avarice, each
round earns you approximately 41,778 souls.

{% youtube id="IWE8T4Ux_Ug", title="Farming souls: Profaned Capital, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Below are some data on the approximate amounts of souls you would obtain if you
use the above route for soul farming in various NG cycles. The data were
gathered while equipping the Silver Serpent Ring+3, Symbol of Avarice, and
Shield of Want.

-   NG+0: 51,265
